***[+] Target will be mentioned as redacted.com for confidential purposes***

# Large quantity order causes application unresponsiveness

## Overview of the Vulnerability
A logic flaw in the group ordering system allows a user to set the quantity of an item to an extremely high value (e.g., 100,000,000). This results in the application becoming unresponsive for all users who have access to the group order. This flaw affects both the ordering user and other participants in the same group, causing degraded application performance or complete unresponsiveness.

## Business Impact
1. Affected users unable to access group order details/checkout
2. The unresponsiveness may extend to other parts of the application, affecting usability.
3. Potential degradation in overall application performance.

## Steps to Reproduce
*To reproduce the issue, suggested to have 2 test users for testing -> userA (host) and userB (participant)*

1. As userA, create a group order and invite another user (userB) into the group order.
2. As userB, add an item into his own basket and intercept the request using a proxy tool (e.g., Burp Suite Proxy).
*The request should look like below*
```
PATCH /v1/group_order/679e483e31933c4fff20deb9/participants/me/basket HTTP/2
Host: api.redacted.com
Cookie: .....
Authorization: Bearer .....

{
	"items":[
		{
			"id":"aedfa52e82483054dfda4f20",
			"baseprice":740,
			"options":[],
			"end_amount":740,
			"count":100000000,   // the issued parameter
			"checksum":"d0b73abe8346b51aca64895cf8c10ecd"
		}
		],
		"menu_items_source":"consumer-assortment"
}
```
3. Modify the 'count' of the item to '100000000' and send the request.
4. Refresh the browser if necessary and observe that the page becomes unresponsive.
5. Now, as userA, attempt to view the group order details and observe the same unresponsiveness.

Expected result: The application should handle large order quantities gracefully, either by rejecting them with an error message or processing them without affecting performance.

Actual result:
1. The application becomes unresponsive, preventing affected users from accessing the group orders.
2. The flaw impacts all users in the group order, making the group order details/checkout to be inaccessible
3. In some cases, this may lead to complete application unresponsiveness

Scenario: The attacker could repeatedly exploit this flaw across multiple group orders, continuously causing application disruptions for affected users. Over time, affected users may become frustrated with the inability to complete their orders and abandon the platform in favor of a competitor, leading to potential customer churn and reputational damage for the business.
