# Unauthorized access to user assets in projects allowing to view and download

## Description

Unauthorized users can access and view assets in other users' projects by manipulating the URL. This bypasses the intended access restrictions, allowing anyone to view and download assets that should not be accessible.

## Steps to Reproduce:

1. Log in to your account at https://adhoc-bugcrowd-studio.redacted.com.
2. Navigate to the following URL for another user's project (My own project for demonstration: https://adhoc-bugcrowd-studio.redacted.com/projects/applab/Kgpl1GKflmEqKOk1WjqdqQ/view). Note that the option to view assets is not available.
3. Refresh the page and capture the request with Burp Suite and modify the URL path from `/view` to `/edit`, then forward the request.
4. In your browser, you will now see the option to manage assets. Click the gear icon and select "Manage Assets" to view all assets in the project.
5. Use the following URL path to access and download specific assets: https://adhoc-bugcrowd-studio.redacted.com/v3/assets/{id}/{file-name}. Replace the file-name with the asset's name.

## Impact:
Unauthorized users can:
1. View and download assets from any project.
2. Use these assets in their own projects without the original owner's consent.
3. Misuse or distribute these assets, considering the assets are not supposed to be shared to anyone, violating user privacy and intellectual property rights.

*Notes: The project ID given is my own created using another user and the projects affected to this issue limited to Applab and Gamelab projects only.*
